Feature: SUNDomEigEstimator upgrades (#847)
LLNL/sundials: doc/arkode/guide/source/Usage/LSRKStep/User_callable.rst

      This routine will be called by :c:func:`ARKodeSetOptions`
      when using the key "arkid.dom_eig_safety_factor".

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetUseAnalyticStabRegion(void* arkode_mem, sunbooleantype analytic_stab_region);

   Specifies whether to use the analytic stability region for determining the number of stages in STS methods.

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *analytic_stab_region* -- Use the analytic stability region if ``SUNTRUE``; use the inscribed ellipse stability region if ``SUNFALSE``.
      
   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARK_MEM_NULL* if ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``.

   .. note::

      If :c:func:`LSRKStepSetUseAnalyticStabRegion` is not called, then the default
      ``analytic_stab_region`` is set to ``SUNFALSE``.  This routine will be called by

>       :c:func:`ARKodeSetOptions` when using the key "arkid.use_analytic_stab_region".
> 
>       :c:func:`LSRKStepSetUseAnalyticStabRegion` sets whether to use the ellipse or the exact stability region for 
>       stability checks. The stability region check for RKC and RKL methods is performed with the dominant
>       eigenvalue and the current step size to ensure stability. While this is sufficient for a stability
>       region of disk, the stability region of RKC and RKL methods is not a disk but rather a more complicated 
>       region that can be approximated by an inscribed ellipse. By default, the ellipse is used for stability 
>       checks, which is a conservative approximation of the stability region that possibly reduces the step 
>       sizes to ensure stability. Setting use_analytic_stab_region to SUNTRUE allows the use of the exact 
>       stability region, which can potentially allow for larger step sizes but possibly cause stability failures 
>       for the second dominant eigenvalue since it might be outside of the stability region even if the dominant 
>       eigenvalue is inside the stability region. Using ellipse for stability checks can be beneficial when two 
>       dominant eigenvalues are close to the stability boundary. Nevertheless, unless the full spectrum is used 
>       for stability checks, there is always a risk of stability failures one way or another. Thus, users 
>       have the option to choose their preference for a more conservative or more aggressive 
>       approach to stability. This input is only used for RKC and RKL methods.
> 
>       If :c:func:`LSRKStepSetUseAnalyticStabRegion` is called during integration, the change will take effect 
>       at the next step attempt. Both analytic and ellipse stability regions of RKC and RKL methods with 10 stages
>       are shown in the figure below. 

Reviewer: Some suggestions on wording:

```suggestion
      This input is only used for RKC and RKL methods.
      
      If :c:func:`LSRKStepSetUseAnalyticStabRegion` is not called, then the default
      ``analytic_stab_region`` is set to ``SUNFALSE``.  This routine will be called by
      :c:func:`ARKodeSetOptions` when using the key "arkid.use_analytic_stab_region".

      :c:func:`LSRKStepSetUseAnalyticStabRegion` sets whether to use the exact stability region or an 
      ellipse that is fully inscribed in the stability region for determining stability in RKC and RKL 
      methods.  Whichever region is selected, LSRKStep will ensure that the complex number 
      :math:`z=h\lambda`, where :math:`h` is the current time step size and :math:`\lambda` is the 
      estimated dominant eigenvalue, is in this region.  Since the ellipse is smaller than the analytical
      stability region it provides a more conservative estimate, which may be appropriate for problems 
      wherein sub-dominant eigenvalues may also limit stability of the method.  Thus, the ellipse may 
      result in a smaller time step size, more internal stages, or both, when compared to using the 
      analytical stability region. We note that in either case, since LSRKStep does not examine the 
      full eigenvalue spectrum, there is always some risk of instability.  For applications where 
      this is a concern, we recommend calling :c:func:`LSRKStepSetDomEigSafetyFactor` with a `dom_eig_safety` 
      value significantly larger than 1.

      If :c:func:`LSRKStepSetUseAnalyticStabRegion` is called during integration, the change will take effect 
      at the next step attempt. Both analytic and ellipse stability regions of RKC and RKL methods with 10 stages
      are shown in the figure below. 
```

      This routine will be called by :c:func:`ARKodeSetOptions`
      when using the key "arkid.dom_eig_safety_factor".

.. c:function:: int LSRKStepSetUseAnalyticStabilityRegion(void* arkode_mem, sunbooleantype analytic_stab_region);

   Specifies whether to use the analytic stability region for determining the number of stages in STS methods.

   **Arguments:**
      * *arkode_mem* -- pointer to the LSRKStep memory block.
      * *analytic_stab_region* -- Use the analytic stability region if ``SUNTRUE``; use the inscribed ellipse stability region if ``SUNFALSE``.
      
   **Return value:**
      * *ARK_SUCCESS* if successful
      * *ARK_MEM_NULL* if ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``.

   .. note::

      This input is only used for RKC and RKL methods.
      
      If :c:func:`LSRKStepSetUseAnalyticStabilityRegion` is not called, then the default
      ``analytic_stab_region`` is set to ``SUNFALSE``.  This routine will be called by

>       :c:func:`ARKodeSetOptions` when using the key "arkid.use_analytic_stab_region".

Reviewer: The standard approach for our "SetOptions" keys is to exactly reproduce the "set" function name, using snake case, and with the "XSet" prefix removed ([see the "Note" here](https://sundials.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developers/commandline/Options.html#package-specific-command-line-support))
```suggestion
      :c:func:`ARKodeSetOptions` when using the key "arkid.use_analytic_stability_region".
```
